# C-option-program
Write a program in the C language that provides the capability to: a) reverse a character in a string, b) replace a character in a string with another one, and c) detect palindromic phrases (palindromes).

-Initially, the program will prompt the user to enter a string of up to 50 characters from the keyboard and will store it in an appropriately sized array.
-Subsequently, the program will display 4 options to the user, and the user will indicate their choice by entering a number from the keyboard:
-If the user enters the number 1, it means the user wants to search for a character within the string. The character to be searched for will be entered by the user from the keyboard after a suitable prompt from the program. If the character exists in the string, the program will display how many times the character was found in the string and at which positions. If the character does not exist in the string, the program will print an appropriate message. After completing this operation, the program will continue by displaying the 4 options to the user.
-If the user enters the number 2, it means the user wants to replace a character in the string with another one. The two characters (i.e., the one to be replaced and the one to replace it) will be entered by the user from the keyboard after a suitable prompt from the program. If the character to be replaced exists in the string, the program will replace it (in all occurrences in the string) with the new character. If the character to be replaced does not exist in the string, the program will print an appropriate message. This functionality should be implemented using a function with parameters, including the array in which the string is stored and the two characters. After completing this operation, the program will continue by displaying the 4 options to the user.
-If the user enters the number 3, it means the user wants to check if the string is a palindrome. A palindrome is a symmetric phrase that can be read from either the beginning or the end. This means that in such a phrase, the 1st character is the same as the last, the 2nd is the same as the second-to-last, and so on. After checking the string, the program will print an appropriate message indicating whether the string is a palindrome or not. This functionality should be implemented using a function with parameters, including the array in which the string is stored and appropriate return values (e.g., 0 or 1). After completing this operation, the program will continue by displaying the 4 options to the user.
-If the user enters the number 4, the program will terminate.
